(Episode 21)
I wanted to see you because...
I'd like to...
ask you for a favor without letting Eun Jae know.
Since you saved my life,
could you...
help me out a bit more?
What do you mean?
Your father is much better now.
Thank you.
I subscribed to...
a cancer insurance plan a month ago.
If I'm diagnosed with cancer...
90 days after the subscription,
I get paid 15,000 dollars.
I have 10 plans.
Until then, there can't be any...
records of diagnosis.
I don't understand what you mean.
The fact that...
I was diagnosed with cancer today...
must be deleted.
Are you...
asking me to...
He's asking you to alter his chart.
Stay outside.
Come out.
Don't listen to his nonsense.
- Come out now. - I'm just being smart.
When will you grow up?
What?
You're over 30 years old.
You should be more flexible.
Aren't I right, doctor?
Did I ask for too much?
I just asked you to delete my records in secret.
Whom will that harm? No one.
But I'll end up with 150,000 dollars...
Enough.
Wasn't it enough to con people?
You put up all we had...
and me as collateral.
Now, you want to defraud insurance companies with your life?
Woo Jae.
I invested all his tuition to get this opportunity.
Don't try to ruin things.
- Keep quiet. - In your dreams.
- This is my last chance. - There might not be another one.
- I don't care! - Don't you know...
what I mean?
Do you?
I know.
Just do it.
I don't care.
Eun Jae.
What was all that?
What was Dad talking about?
Dad. Are you crazy?
- Sit next to me. - Are you crazy?
Stop crying,
and sit down.
You'll be the man of the family once I'm gone.
How will you be able...
to look after your sister if you're so weak?
I...
Stop it.
Don't try so hard.
Let your anger out.
Shout if you want to.
If you want to cry,
then cry to your heart's content.
Why?
Why should I do that? What for?
Why must I keep showing my worst to you?
Because you're human.
Because you are...
a human being, not a machine.
Let me share it.
Not all the time.
Just when you're struggling like this.
No.
I don't need you.
Don't get involved with my family anymore.
Even if my brother calls you...
Even if my dad's dying or...
even if I'm dying,
don't ever...
get involved.
Persuade her at all costs.
Get her to delete my records.
- You can't do that. - Do it anyway.
You'll die.
I'll probably die even after the surgery.
I asked around enough to know.
Even if I'm operated on,
I have less than 20-percent chance of living.
8 out of 10 die.
No one can promise that I won't be...
1 of those 8.
You have Eun Jae. She will do something.
Your sister did...
more than enough.
Because of me...
She's been running all over the place,
trying to clean up my mess.
She has been for years.
Dad, she's almost done paying off the bank.
I borrowed from loan sharks too.
What?
I wanted to make a comeback, pay off my debts,
and pay your sister back several times over.
I was so unlucky,
and my debt snowballed.
Listen to me carefully, Woo Jae.
I'm useless and a loser,
but I'm still your dad.
I may not be able to leave you an inheritance,
but I don't want to leave you burdened with debt.
Let me do that.
Will you?
Woo Jae.
He fell from a height.
Do you know where you are?
- The OR called for you. - Song Eun Jae speaking.
Yes. Okay, I got it.
A child came in with a stomach ache and a fever of 39.5°C.
- When was this? - A traffic accident victim.
Can you feel me touching you?
One of your patients' vitals are unstable. Go check.
Okay.
Hello.
(Emergency Medical Center)
(Choi Young Eun)
- Where are you? - I'm back.
- What? - I rented an atelier nearby.
I'll stay here for a while.
What about chemotherapy?
I don't want it. I won't go through it.
What's wrong with you?
It will make me look ugly and lose my hair.
- Young Eun. - I won't be cured.
It's only to buy time.
If you buy more time, you may find a donor.
It's not certain.
I don't want to depend on false hope...
and live in a pathetic way.
I don't have much to look forward to in life anyway.
Hello?
The phone is turned off.
Who is it?
- What brings you here? - Let's talk.
Put a jacket on. It's quite cold.
I'm quite pathetic.
You came all the way here immediately.
I know that it's neither because you missed me...
nor like me.
It makes me happy even though I know all that.
The fact that...
you came is enough to make me happy.
Get treatment.
I have no intention.
Why are you so unruly?
There's no point.
Don't you consider those who'd be sad to lose you?
Does it hurt you?
If I die,
will it hurt you too?
If you stay with me...
Without loving someone else,
if you promise...
to stay only by my side,
I'll get treatment.
You don't want that?
- Are you finished? - Almost.
You didn't get any sleep because of work.
What about yourself?
Shall we go eat something?
It'll be my treat.
Eat.
Let's alter the chart.
After altering it, release Dad from the hospital.
Let him go his way.
We've done well without him so far.
Actually,
it was as if he were dead.
Woo Jae.
He wants to protect you.
Let him act like a father for the last time.
He wants to pay off his debt.
He has nothing to give you as an inheritance.
He can't leave you with debt.
[VIU Ver] Episode 21 Hospital Ship "Bile Duct Cancer"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I'm sorry, Eun Jae.
I know what you think of him.
I can't help but feel sorry for him.
I feel unbearably sorry for him.
I'm sorry, Eun Jae.
Hello, doctor.
I reviewed the diagnosis that you sent me.
It won't be easy.
It's not bad enough to make surgery impossible.
There's a chance of survival indeed.
However, the surgery can't be done by any doctor.
It won't be possible unless you're top three...
specializing in the biliary system.
They're Kim Young Gyu and Lee Seung Yoon.
Do you know the third person?
Yes, I do.
If it were simpler, I'd do it.
I'm sorry, Eun Jae.
My father survived because of you.
I'm so sorry that I can't help you.
No, you've been of big help.
Okay, thank you for saying that.
Why are you at work so early?
Your father is in the ER.
Would you be happy if the director is still in bed?
Why are you bringing that up?
What is Dr. Song doing?
I told her to be with her father,
but she doesn't listen.
She's been working and on call all night.
How can you call yourself her boss?
Can't you manage better?
Pardon me?
Hello, Dr. Song.
How is your father?
I was about to pay him a visit.
I have something to tell you.
- Now? - Yes.
Okay.
- Open the operating room? - Yes.
Who will do the operation?
I will.
What are you talking about?
No doctor operates on their own family.
I know that it's not illegal.
It's not a simple operation.
It's a surgery to remove bile duct cancers.
Shouldn't you know better...
how difficult this operation is?
I know.
Then how could you volunteer to do it?
Don't argue with me. Just find another doctor.
I made the decision after a thorough research.
The cancer has advanced, and the location...
of the cancer is tricky.
Regardless of the doctor's experience,
the success rate is less than 30 percent.
Right, and you're still willing to do it yourself?
Yes.
What's the reason? Let me hear it.
No doctor is willing to do it.
Unless it's 1 of the top 3 doctors,
this surgery won't be successful.
What kind of arrogance is this?
Are you saying that you're the best doctor?
The top three doctors can't do the operation.
That's why I'll do it.
I must...
save my father.
- Who are they? - Pardon me?
Who are the top three doctors?
Doctor Kim Young Gyu at Sewoon Hospital...
is on vacation abroad.
Doctor Lee Seung Yoon at Gyeongsang Hospital...
was diagnosed with liver cancer.
He's hospitalized.
And...
Why did you stop speaking?
Who is the last one?
Who is it?
It's Professor Kim Do Hoon...
at Seoul Daehan Hospital.
And?
He won't do the surgery.
How do you know that?
I think you already know the reason why.
What do you mean?
- Go with it. - Sir.
Go to him right now.
Kneel in front of him if you need to.
Kneel, and beg him to save your father's life.
I can't.
Why? Is it because of your pride?
Is your pride more important than your father's life?
I need to go.
(Seoul Daehan Hospital)
Gosh, look at them.
Hey, go sleep in your beds.
- Hello, sir. - Did you finish just now?
- Do you have anything to eat? - I'll get something.
Never mind. I'll just have this.
- No, I'll get... - It's all right.
I need sleep more than food.
I'll just have this and get some sleep.
Yes? Really?
It's Jinju Prison. They have a donor.
Se Joon. Take Jae Hwan, and bring the organ.
Call patient Ahn Se Ho, and get him ready for surgery.
All right.
Hello?
No, I have a minute.
Doctor Song's father?
Did he just say Doctor Song's father?
Do you think something bad happened?
Doctor Kim, why aren't you coming?
Bile duct cancer? I feel sorry for her.
I will send you the test results.
- No, you don't need to. - Kim Do Hoon.
She doesn't seem to be worried. Why are you doing this for her?
Of course, she is worried.
If she was, she'd have called me first.
She wants to, but she can't.
Why is that?
You know why.
I only know...
that Eun Jae told me that you are the only doctor who can...
conduct such complex surgery in Korea.
Did she really tell you that?
Yes.
Are you still going to refuse the test results?
Give it to me. It looks heavy.
- What do you mean? - I talked with Doctor Ko.
I'm going to make an appointment for your surgery...
- after the holidays. - What do you mean?
Does this mean that you're going to focus on me?
There is...
no one else.
Are you going to...
stay next to me?
Hyun.
But not as your boyfriend. That's impossible.
I'm just...
going to stay next to you as a doctor.
That doesn't matter.
As long as you are next to me,
I don't care if you're there...
as my boyfriend or doctor.
Why are there so many people even though it's not the weekend?
You must have been distracted recently.
Maybe you're in love.
- Really? - Don't talk nonsense.
Then why don't you know what day it is?
It's Chuseok.
- Sir. - Hello.
Hello.
They came all the way here to check these cars?
I know, right?
The fan belt is worn down. I think you should change it.
What would happen if I don't?
The car could stop suddenly.
You could have had to push your car all the way home.
I know.
It's nice that I got my car checked before something like that happened.
They must be visiting their ancestors' graves.
Now, you get it.
Gosh, people are still very kind.
They still visit the graves to look after them.
Yes, it's nice.
- They're still kind at heart. - That's right.
This is the last one.
- Here. - Okay.
Why are you so upset this morning?
I think Young Eun and Hyun...
are going out again.
- What? Why? - I don't know.
I saw them in the parking lot, and they looked like a couple.
- Really? - Yes.
- Are you sick? - No.
Or is something troubling you?
I have a headache.
I think I'll rest for an hour.
Take two.
There won't be any patients before then.
What?
It's so hot.
Let me put the noodles in.
Young Eun, you should eat with us.
I'm fine. You should eat.
Thanks to her, we can eat more.
She's very considerate.
Here, let's put this in.
- Yes, Jeong Rim? - Are you out of your mind?
When are you going to stop?
Well, Jeong Rim,
I'll call you later when I'm somewhere quiet.
Bye.
Jeong Rim.
What? He called you again?
When are you going to stop lying to him?
- So Hyun doesn't know yet? - Not yet.
I can't lie to him forever.
But I just need to get him to like me first.
I just need to make sure he doesn't run away from me...
before he finds out I don't have leukemia.
(Episode 22 will air shortly.)